Alright, so
let's talk about invoking actors.
In exercise seven,
we don't have this timer working or
actually it is working, probably
because I have the solution up here.
Just fix that.
Okay.
So in exercise seven Obviously our timer
doesn't work because we removed that use
effect.
And instead, we want to use that
in the actual machine itself.
So here's how we would
go about doing that.
Just like you saw in the lesson,
we're going to invoke a callback.
So it's gonna be a source, and
the source of this invoke Is we're
going to be creating a callback so
that we can take the context and
the events that caused the invoke.
But we don't need that in this case.
So we're just going to
be using the context.
And we're going to be
returning a function.
So there's two ways you could do this.
You could either return the function here,
which is that Send back and,
and the receive which we're not
going to be using over here.
Or you can make this a little bit more
concise and just have context sent back.
And then here is where
we create the interval.
So we say const interval equals or
I'm just going to call this I.
Equals setInterval.
And on the every interval,
we're going to send back a tick event.
And so
that tick event is going to happen every,
Well second times context, dot interval.
Now, important note over here,
this context represents
the context at the time that
this invoked actor was created.
So it's not going to
be in Updated context,
you only get the context once basically.
And if the context changes,
then you need to communicate that
to the actor within the vents.
So don't forget to return a function
that cleans up that interval.
So we're going to clear interval I But
yeah, that should do the trick.
So when we click, we see that we have
our interval working just the same.
Now the good thing about this is
that console dot log cleaning up
is that we could.
Only have this interval run
when it's in this state.
This is non state specific thing
this in original state charts
is you could consider it inactivity.
It's basically That happens during
the states or throughout the state.
So as long as you're
in the running states,
this invocation is still
going to be running.
Once you exit it,
this is going to be cleaned up.
So, we click here because
it paused may be reset.
So here we go paused, you can see
that the timer is being cleaned up so
it's no longer sending ticks.
It see cleaning up right over here.
And of course if we reset,
it's going to be cleaned up again.
So it's creating a new timer every
single time we enter the running state.
And that's so that we don't get
any wasted calls or, you know,
wasted code basically running when
it's not supposed to be running.
So were there any questions
about that exercise.
I just like how it gets rid of
the use context because like our,
our component is getting tinier and
tinier.
It's like pretty much JSX with like one or
two hooks now, so it's,
it's kind of elegant.
>> Yeah, yeah, because state machines and
state charts can handle so
much you end up not needing
things such as use effect.
And other things like that.
So.